So I want to leave the realm of Route parameters and so on soon.
One more thing I want to do though we have to add homilies which is not marked as active when being
on a single post and it kind of makes sense by the label of it.
But what if this was named posts which would make sense because we have a lot of posts there.
So let's maybe rename that link to be posts.
If we do this now it will be strange that it's not highlighted when we are on a single post.
We certainly would want is not a reason for this of course is exect since exect is set this only is
treated as active if we well have exactly this.
You are at L and just slash and not slash free which we have of course for the post with ID.
The problem is that if we remove exactly what we saw that before now it will be marked as active for
a single post but also for a new post.
So this is kind of tricky and it's only really tricky for this exact case that we're talking about do
you root you are l.
If we have slashed posts then it will be a different story and we could absolutely use this prefix because
we probably have no conflicts with our routes in the application.
It's really just that rude or else this rude POV of just slash which happens to be part of any page
in our app.
So this is just an edge case here a special case and I'm going to add exact again.
Therefore not getting highlighting for a single post.
And again it is fine for me because this is an added case which you will rarely face.
Most of the time your posts are going to be at slash posts and I'm just not changing it here to deliberately
leave this case here for reference.
I just wanted to bring this to your awareness.
You can face issues when using the root POV.
Just slash and you want to style some chawl components but not all of them.
So some parts which follow it but not all POS.
This is really tricky to do.
Not really possible.
You typically use more specific routes like Slash posts though so this shouldn't be an issue.